# my default color refers to #171717, so with other terminal's color could appear ugly
  
background            = default default
frame                 = default default
window_title          = white   default
directory             = white   default
selected_directory    = cyan    black     bold

playlist              = cyan    default
selected_playlist     = cyan    black     bold

file                  = white   default
selected_file         = white   black     bold

marked_file           = cyan    default   bold
marked_selected_file  = cyan    black     bold

info                  = cyan    default
selected_info         = cyan    default   bold
marked_info           = cyan    default
marked_selected_info  = cyan    default   bold

title                 = white   default   bold
state                 = blue    black     bold

current_time          = blue    default   bold
time_left             = blue    default   bold
total_time            = cyan    default   bold
time_total_frames     = blue    default
 
sound_parameters      = cyan    default   bold
legend                = blue    default
disabled              = black   default   bold
enabled               = white   default

empty_mixer_bar       = white   default
filled_mixer_bar      = black   white

empty_time_bar        = white   default
filled_time_bar       = black   white

entry                 = cyan    default   bold
entry_title           = cyan    default

status                = white   default
error                 = red     default   bold
message               = cyan    default   bold
plist_time            = blue    default
